Refactor Tenant Management Guide (#3202)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/tenants/tenant-mgt.md

# Tenant Management

> By default, WSO2 Identity Server is configured with a single tenant named `carbon.super`. If you have the required permissions, you can configure multiple tenant domains to allow multiple user bases to log in and use a single server/cluster at the same time in anisolated manner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, WSO2 Identity Server is configured with a single tenant named `carbon.super`. If you have the required permissions, you can configure more tenant domains and maintain multiple isolated user bases on a single server/cluster at the same time.
```

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/add-new-tenant.png" width="250" alt="Add a new tenant">

3.  On the **Register A New Organization** page that opens, enter the tenant details and click **Save**.

    | Parameter Name                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
    |----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | **Domain**                       | The domain name (e.g., abc.com), which is used as a unique identifier for your domain. You can use it to sign in to the Management Console to be redirected to your specific tenant. The domain is also used in URLs to distinguish one tenant from another. |

>     | **Select Usage Plan for Tenant** | The usage plan defines limitations (such as the number of users, bandwidth etc.) for the tenant.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | **Select Usage Plan for Tenant** | The usage plan defines limitations (such as the number of users, bandwidth, etc.) for the tenant.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

    | **First Name** / **Last Name**   | The name of the tenant admin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

>     | **Admin Username**               | The sign-in username of the tenant admin. The username always ends with the domain name (e.g., admin@abc.com ) .                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | **Admin Username**               | The sign-in username of the tenant admin. The username always ends with the domain name (e.g., admin@abc.com ).                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

    | **Admin Password**               | The password used to sign in using the admin username specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
    | **Admin Password (Repeat)**      | Repeat the password to confirm.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
    | **Email**                        | The email address of the admin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> Once a new tenant is created, the tenant details appears in the **Tenants List** as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a new tenant is created, the tenant details appear in the **Tenants List** as shown below.
```
